basics/README.md, before:

# BASIC PYTHON PROGRAM EXCERSIES LIST WITH SOLUTION

## You get the solution at [Solution Page](https://github.com/heysushil/python-practice-set/blob/master/solutions/python_basic_excercise.md)

## Following Python Programming Questions List:

1. Create a program that asks the user for a number and then prints out a list of all the divisors of that number. (If you don’t know what a divisor is, it is a number that divides evenly into another number. For example, 13 is a divisor of 26 because 26 / 13 has no remainder.)


2. Exercise 2 (and Solution)
Ask the user for a string and print out whether this string is a palindrome or not. (A palindrome is a string that reads the same forwards and backwards.)


3. Let’s say I give you a list saved in a variable: a = [1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81, 100]. Write one line of Python that takes this list a and makes a new list that has only the even elements of this list in it.


4. Make a two-player Rock-Paper-Scissors game. (Hint: Ask for player plays (using input), compare them, print out a message of congratulations to the winner, and ask if the players want to start a new game)

    Remember the rules:

        Rock beats scissors
        Scissors beats paper
        Paper beats rock
    
    Try to use:
        
        While loops
        Infinite loops
        Break statements


5. Generate a random number between 1 and 9 (including 1 and 9). Ask the user to guess the number, then tell them whether they guessed too low, too high, or exactly right. (Hint: remember to use the user input lessons from the very first exercise)

    Extras:

    Keep the game going until the user types “exit”
    Keep track of how many guesses the user has taken, and when the game ends, print this out.
    
    Discussion
        Concepts for this week:

        * Modules
        * Random numbers
        * User input



![Image of Yaktocat](https://octodex.github.com/images/yaktocat.png)

Commit message:

added heykyakaru youtube channel details on files

basics/README.md, after:

# BASIC PYTHON PROGRAM EXCERSIES LIST WITH SOLUTION

## YouTube Videos and related Playlist Details which helps to better understand the code on heyKyaKaru channel

1. [YouTube Channel Link](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCphs2JfmIClR62wbyf76HDg/featured)
2. [Python Couse in Hindi Playlist](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hFbJRORzPK8&list=PLK6wiPavf7QikS9PMYrGZXz1HlE1KZLD3)
3. [Tips and Tricks for Programming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vPL6ODrfcwI&list=PLK6wiPavf7QiVLYXrC2TW_fdcZp57MgMB)
4. [PHP Projects](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aMVVRYaT_NA&list=PLK6wiPavf7QiEj6IPc3lkjz1wR4w9RM6B)
5. [About Our Platform](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pWEUg4AdbV0&list=PLK6wiPavf7QhMIbSQH56_qgtMvl30TSmj)
6. [Live Python Couser in Hindi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=W1s0cdaYOa0&list=PLK6wiPavf7QgnXqPf9jBEVr1iNUxiVoHG)

## You get the solution at [Solution Page](https://github.com/heysushil/python-practice-set/blob/master/solutions/python_basic_excercise.md)

## Following Python Programming Questions List:

1. Create a program that asks the user for a number and then prints out a list of all the divisors of that number. (If you don’t know what a divisor is, it is a number that divides evenly into another number. For example, 13 is a divisor of 26 because 26 / 13 has no remainder.)


2. Exercise 2 (and Solution)
Ask the user for a string and print out whether this string is a palindrome or not. (A palindrome is a string that reads the same forwards and backwards.)


3. Let’s say I give you a list saved in a variable: a = [1, 4, 9, 16, 25, 36, 49, 64, 81, 100]. Write one line of Python that takes this list a and makes a new list that has only the even elements of this list in it.


4. Make a two-player Rock-Paper-Scissors game. (Hint: Ask for player plays (using input), compare them, print out a message of congratulations to the winner, and ask if the players want to start a new game)

    Remember the rules:

        Rock beats scissors
        Scissors beats paper
        Paper beats rock
    
    Try to use:
        
        While loops
        Infinite loops
        Break statements


5. Generate a random number between 1 and 9 (including 1 and 9). Ask the user to guess the number, then tell them whether they guessed too low, too high, or exactly right. (Hint: remember to use the user input lessons from the very first exercise)

    Extras:

    Keep the game going until the user types “exit”
    Keep track of how many guesses the user has taken, and when the game ends, print this out.
    
    Discussion
        Concepts for this week:

        * Modules
        * Random numbers
        * User input



![Image of Yaktocat](https://octodex.github.com/images/yaktocat.png)
